Billing and subscription FAQ updates (#19182)
docker/docs: content/subscription/details.md

---
title: Docker subscriptions and features
description: Learn about Docker subscription tiers and their features
keywords: subscription, personal, pro, team, business, features, docker core subscription, docker core
---

You can do more with Docker with a Docker Core subscription, such as add collaborators, create scoped access tokens, and create private repositories. This page provides an overview of each subscription tier. To compare features available in each tier, see [Docker Pricing](https://www.docker.com/pricing/).

The following describes some of the key features included with your Docker Core subscription:

![Docker Core subscription diagram](images/subscription-diagram.webp)

> Docker Scout is included for 3 repositories. You can purchase a Docker Scout subscription to enable more repositories. See [Docker Scout subscriptions and features](./scout-details.md).

Reviewer: **suggestion:** I belive Scout team started using term `Docker Scout-enabled repositories`.

```suggestion
3 Docker Scout-enabled repositories for advanced remote image analysis. You can purchase a Docker Scout subscription to enable more repositories. See [Docker Scout subscriptions and features](./scout-details.md).
```
